Add online get started examples for F# (#9493)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/get-started/index.md

---

> title: Get Started with F#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Get started with F#
```

description: Find out how to get started with the F# programming language.
ms.date: 12/08/2018
---
# Get Started with F# #

You can get started with F# on your machine or online.

## Get started on your machine

> We have multiple guides on how to install and use F# for the first time on your machine.  You can use the following table to help in making a decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple guides on how to install and use F# for the first time on your machine.  You can use the following table to help in making a decision:
```

> | OS | Prefer Visual Studio | Prefer Visual Studio Code | Prefer a command line |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OS | Prefer Visual Studio | Prefer Visual Studio Code | Prefer command line |
```

| -- |------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------|
| Windows | [Get started with Visual Studio](get-started-visual-studio.md) | [Get started with VSCode and Ionide](get-started-vscode.md) | [Get started with the .NET Core CLI](get-started-command-line.md) |
| macOS | [Get started with VS for Mac](get-started-with-visual-studio-for-mac.md) | [Get started with VSCode and Ionide](get-started-vscode.md) | [Get started with the .NET Core CLI](get-started-command-line.md) |

> | Linux | N/A | [Get started with VSCode and Ionide](get-started-vscode.md) | [Get started with the .NET Core CLI](get-started-command-line.md) |

Reviewer: VSCode is the wrong branding. In theory, we should always spell out Visual Studio Code. But if not, at least VS Code separate.

In general, there is no specific that is better than the rest. We recommend trying all ways to use F# on your machine to see what you like the best!

## Get started online

If you'd rather not install F# and .NET on your machine, you can also get started with F# in the browser:

> * [Introduction to F# on Azure Notebooks](https://notebooks.azure.com/Microsoft/projects/2018-Intro-FSharp/html/Introduction%20to%20FSharp.ipynb) is a [Jupyter notebook](https://jupyter.org/) on the free Azure Notebooks service. Just sign in with an account and you can hack away directly in the browser!

Reviewer: do you need to specify which kind of account?

Author: Doesn't need an Azure account, so I'll say a Microsoft account here

> * [The Fable REPL](https://fable.io/repl/) is an interactive, in-browser REPL that uses [Fable](https://fable.io/) to translate F# code into JavaScript. Check out the numerous samples that range from F# basics to a fully-fledged video game all executing in your browser!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [The Fable REPL](https://fable.io/repl/) is an interactive, in-browser REPL that uses [Fable](https://fable.io/) to translate F# code into JavaScript. Check out the numerous samples that range from F# basics to a fully fledged video game all executing in your browser!
```
